broccoli 10 10 3
Did you know that broccoli is low in
fat and cholesterol ,and very good
source of protein,calcium, iron,
vitamins A and C. Health organizations
recommend we eat them several times a
week,because they are linked to lower
rates of cancer. 
<end>
salmon 30 15 3
Salmon is very good choice of food,
while it is an excellent source of
omega-3 fatty acids, it is very low in
“bad” fats, or saturated fats.Ocean-
farmed salmon provides as much high-
quality, complete protein per mouthful
as chicken, ground beef, pork or tuna.
<end>
corn 15 5 2
Did you know corn was first grown as a
crop by Native Americans more than 
7,000 years ago. It is low in saturated 
fat, low in cholesterol and sodium, and  
good source of dietary fiber. Eating 
enough fiber is important for helping to
prevent chronic diseases like diabetes,
heart disease and certain types of cancer. 
<end>